-- Hoogle documentation, generated by Haddock
-- See Hoogle, http://www.haskell.org/hoogle/


-- | Haskell bindings for libxkbcommon
--   
@package xkbcommon
@version 0.0.1

module Text.XkbCommon.KeycodeList
keycode_shop :: CKeycode
keycode_time :: CKeycode
keycode_mhp :: CKeycode
keycode_break :: CKeycode
keycode_spreadsheet :: CKeycode
keycode_frameback :: CKeycode
keycode_f6 :: CKeycode
keycode_props :: CKeycode
keycode_prog4 :: CKeycode
keycode_logoff :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot5 :: CKeycode
keycode_dashboard :: CKeycode
keycode_channeldown :: CKeycode
keycode_leftalt :: CKeycode
keycode_computer :: CKeycode
keycode_epg :: CKeycode
keycode_attendant_toggle :: CKeycode
keycode_v :: CKeycode
keycode_henkan :: CKeycode
keycode_iso :: CKeycode
keycode_move :: CKeycode
keycode_digits :: CKeycode
keycode_messenger :: CKeycode
keycode_max :: CKeycode
keycode_p :: CKeycode
keycode_ejectclosecd :: CKeycode
keycode_j :: CKeycode
keycode_rightalt :: CKeycode
keycode_unknown :: CKeycode
keycode_display_off :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_s :: CKeycode
keycode_d :: CKeycode
keycode_kpcomma :: CKeycode
keycode_email :: CKeycode
keycode_f20 :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot10 :: CKeycode
keycode_8 :: CKeycode
keycode_kpequal :: CKeycode
keycode_2 :: CKeycode
keycode_f17 :: CKeycode
keycode_search :: CKeycode
keycode_frameforward :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_9 :: CKeycode
keycode_esc :: CKeycode
keycode_f11 :: CKeycode
keycode_mail :: CKeycode
keycode_exit :: CKeycode
keycode_dvd :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_3 :: CKeycode
keycode_redo :: CKeycode
keycode_wlan :: CKeycode
keycode_archive :: CKeycode
keycode_teen :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_right :: CKeycode
keycode_backslash :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f4 :: CKeycode
keycode_brightness_zero :: CKeycode
keycode_channel :: CKeycode
keycode_sat :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f10 :: CKeycode
keycode_kp7 :: CKeycode
keycode_finance :: CKeycode
keycode_spellcheck :: CKeycode
keycode_kp1 :: CKeycode
keycode_open :: CKeycode
keycode_scrollup :: CKeycode
keycode_sound :: CKeycode
keycode_del_eol :: CKeycode
keycode_list :: CKeycode
keycode_f5 :: CKeycode
keycode_prog3 :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot4 :: CKeycode
keycode_slash :: CKeycode
keycode_hangeul :: CKeycode
keycode_u :: CKeycode
keycode_kprightparen :: CKeycode
keycode_restart :: CKeycode
keycode_o :: CKeycode
keycode_help :: CKeycode
keycode_i :: CKeycode
keycode_compose :: CKeycode
keycode_www :: CKeycode
keycode_ejectcd :: CKeycode
keycode_kbdillumup :: CKeycode
keycode_info :: CKeycode
keycode_aux :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_zoomout :: CKeycode
keycode_c :: CKeycode
keycode_stopcd :: CKeycode
keycode_hp :: CKeycode
keycode_home :: CKeycode
keycode_connect :: CKeycode
keycode_cancel :: CKeycode
keycode_cd :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f :: CKeycode
keycode_7 :: CKeycode
keycode_record :: CKeycode
keycode_next :: CKeycode
keycode_1 :: CKeycode
keycode_f16 :: CKeycode
keycode_radio :: CKeycode
keycode_audio :: CKeycode
keycode_last :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_8 :: CKeycode
keycode_leftctrl :: CKeycode
keycode_f10 :: CKeycode
keycode_zoomreset :: CKeycode
keycode_database :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_2 :: CKeycode
keycode_102nd :: CKeycode
keycode_uwb :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f9 :: CKeycode
keycode_katakana :: CKeycode
keycode_mp3 :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f3 :: CKeycode
keycode_volumedown :: CKeycode
keycode_power2 :: CKeycode
keycode_video :: CKeycode
keycode_channelup :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_down :: CKeycode
keycode_kp6 :: CKeycode
keycode_leftmeta :: CKeycode
keycode_kp0 :: CKeycode
keycode_playcd :: CKeycode
keycode_presentation :: CKeycode
keycode_attendant_off :: CKeycode
keycode_macro :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot9 :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_pound :: CKeycode
keycode_f4 :: CKeycode
keycode_prog2 :: CKeycode
keycode_text :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot3 :: CKeycode
keycode_edit :: CKeycode
keycode_del_line :: CKeycode
keycode_z :: CKeycode
keycode_setup :: CKeycode
keycode_t :: CKeycode
keycode_cut :: CKeycode
keycode_addressbook :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_zoomin :: CKeycode
keycode_als_toggle :: CKeycode
keycode_n :: CKeycode
keycode_bookmarks :: CKeycode
keycode_nextsong :: CKeycode
keycode_context_menu :: CKeycode
keycode_h :: CKeycode
keycode_cyclewindows :: CKeycode
keycode_sat2 :: CKeycode
keycode_twen :: CKeycode
keycode_tab :: CKeycode
keycode_b :: CKeycode
keycode_scrolldown :: CKeycode
keycode_f24 :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_left :: CKeycode
keycode_rightshift :: CKeycode
keycode_front :: CKeycode
keycode_shuffle :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_e :: CKeycode
keycode_6 :: CKeycode
keycode_kpminus :: CKeycode
keycode_ro :: CKeycode
keycode_kpleftparen :: CKeycode
keycode_kbdillumdown :: CKeycode
keycode_documents :: CKeycode
keycode_graphicseditor :: CKeycode
keycode_0 :: CKeycode
keycode_f15 :: CKeycode
keycode_bassboost :: CKeycode
keycode_program :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_7 :: CKeycode
keycode_comma :: CKeycode
keycode_pause :: CKeycode
keycode_video_prev :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_1 :: CKeycode
keycode_touchpad_on :: CKeycode
keycode_touchpad_off :: CKeycode
keycode_right :: CKeycode
keycode_scale :: CKeycode
keycode_forwardmail :: CKeycode
keycode_euro :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f8 :: CKeycode
keycode_equal :: CKeycode
keycode_angle :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f2 :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_focus :: CKeycode
keycode_pageup :: CKeycode
keycode_kbdillumtoggle :: CKeycode
keycode_rightbrace :: CKeycode
keycode_kp5 :: CKeycode
keycode_kpdot :: CKeycode
keycode_camera :: CKeycode
keycode_ins_line :: CKeycode
keycode_f9 :: CKeycode
keycode_kpenter :: CKeycode
keycode_previoussong :: CKeycode
keycode_send :: CKeycode
keycode_tape :: CKeycode
keycode_first :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot8 :: CKeycode
keycode_f3 :: CKeycode
keycode_again :: CKeycode
keycode_prog1 :: CKeycode
keycode_close :: CKeycode
keycode_clear :: CKeycode
keycode_option :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot2 :: CKeycode
keycode_apostrophe :: CKeycode
keycode_numlock :: CKeycode
keycode_y :: CKeycode
keycode_brightness_cycle :: CKeycode
keycode_s :: CKeycode
keycode_semicolon :: CKeycode
keycode_attendant_on :: CKeycode
keycode_m :: CKeycode
keycode_menu :: CKeycode
keycode_g :: CKeycode
keycode_hiragana :: CKeycode
keycode_wakeup :: CKeycode
keycode_a :: CKeycode
keycode_sleep :: CKeycode
keycode_f23 :: CKeycode
keycode_bluetooth :: CKeycode
keycode_rfkill :: CKeycode
keycode_player :: CKeycode
keycode_lights_toggle :: CKeycode
keycode_capslock :: CKeycode
keycode_kpplusminus :: CKeycode
keycode_micmute :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_d :: CKeycode
keycode_5 :: CKeycode
keycode_f14 :: CKeycode
keycode_pvr :: CKeycode
keycode_mode :: CKeycode
keycode_yellow :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_6 :: CKeycode
keycode_phone :: CKeycode
keycode_keyboard :: CKeycode
keycode_green :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_2 :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_0 :: CKeycode
keycode_reserved :: CKeycode
keycode_news :: CKeycode
keycode_displaytoggle :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f7 :: CKeycode
keycode_kpasterisk :: CKeycode
keycode_favorites :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f1 :: CKeycode
keycode_muhenkan :: CKeycode
keycode_deletefile :: CKeycode
keycode_language :: CKeycode
keycode_10channelsdown :: CKeycode
keycode_kp4 :: CKeycode
keycode_new :: CKeycode
keycode_switchvideomode :: CKeycode
keycode_select :: CKeycode
keycode_up :: CKeycode
keycode_play :: CKeycode
keycode_goto :: CKeycode
keycode_f8 :: CKeycode
keycode_sendfile :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot7 :: CKeycode
keycode_f2 :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot1 :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_star :: CKeycode
keycode_leftshift :: CKeycode
keycode_kpplus :: CKeycode
keycode_down :: CKeycode
keycode_pausecd :: CKeycode
keycode_question :: CKeycode
keycode_ok :: CKeycode
keycode_wordprocessor :: CKeycode
keycode_wps_button :: CKeycode
keycode_x :: CKeycode
keycode_voicemail :: CKeycode
keycode_r :: CKeycode
keycode_insert :: CKeycode
keycode_power :: CKeycode
keycode_copy :: CKeycode
keycode_closecd :: CKeycode
keycode_brightnessdown :: CKeycode
keycode_previous :: CKeycode
keycode_l :: CKeycode
keycode_f :: CKeycode
keycode_playpause :: CKeycode
keycode_suspend :: CKeycode
keycode_brightnessup :: CKeycode
keycode_wwan :: CKeycode
keycode_xfer :: CKeycode
keycode_f22 :: CKeycode
keycode_media_repeat :: CKeycode
keycode_zoomout :: CKeycode
keycode_4 :: CKeycode
keycode_leftbrace :: CKeycode
keycode_find :: CKeycode
keycode_msdos :: CKeycode
keycode_f19 :: CKeycode
keycode_sport :: CKeycode
keycode_memo :: CKeycode
keycode_paste :: CKeycode
keycode_f13 :: CKeycode
keycode_media :: CKeycode
keycode_zoom :: CKeycode
keycode_slow :: CKeycode
keycode_zoomin :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_5 :: CKeycode
keycode_pagedown :: CKeycode
keycode_yen :: CKeycode
keycode_refresh :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_1 :: CKeycode
keycode_left :: CKeycode
keycode_alterase :: CKeycode
keycode_battery :: CKeycode
keycode_screen :: CKeycode
keycode_vcr :: CKeycode
keycode_tuner :: CKeycode
keycode_editor :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f6 :: CKeycode
keycode_minus :: CKeycode
keycode_dot :: CKeycode
keycode_linefeed :: CKeycode
keycode_undo :: CKeycode
keycode_back :: CKeycode
keycode_save :: CKeycode
keycode_red :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f12 :: CKeycode
keycode_grave :: CKeycode
keycode_kp9 :: CKeycode
keycode_volumeup :: CKeycode
keycode_print :: CKeycode
keycode_vcr2 :: CKeycode
keycode_camera_up :: CKeycode
keycode_kp3 :: CKeycode
keycode_kpslash :: CKeycode
keycode_calendar :: CKeycode
keycode_f7 :: CKeycode
keycode_rightctrl :: CKeycode
keycode_title :: CKeycode
keycode_pc :: CKeycode
keycode_brl_dot6 :: CKeycode
keycode_f1 :: CKeycode
keycode_sysrq :: CKeycode
keycode_stop :: CKeycode
keycode_tv :: CKeycode
keycode_backspace :: CKeycode
keycode_mute :: CKeycode
keycode_chat :: CKeycode
keycode_blue :: CKeycode
keycode_w :: CKeycode
keycode_subtitle :: CKeycode
keycode_q :: CKeycode
keycode_enter :: CKeycode
keycode_kpjpcomma :: CKeycode
keycode_rightmeta :: CKeycode
keycode_calc :: CKeycode
keycode_forward :: CKeycode
keycode_images :: CKeycode
keycode_k :: CKeycode
keycode_delete :: CKeycode
keycode_fastforward :: CKeycode
keycode_e :: CKeycode
keycode_reply :: CKeycode
keycode_video_next :: CKeycode
keycode_directory :: CKeycode
keycode_f21 :: CKeycode
keycode_9 :: CKeycode
keycode_direction :: CKeycode
keycode_rewind :: CKeycode
keycode_games :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_b :: CKeycode
keycode_3 :: CKeycode
keycode_space :: CKeycode
keycode_katakanahiragana :: CKeycode
keycode_end :: CKeycode
keycode_homepage :: CKeycode
keycode_f18 :: CKeycode
keycode_f12 :: CKeycode
keycode_tv2 :: CKeycode
keycode_numeric_4 :: CKeycode
keycode_dollar :: CKeycode
keycode_config :: CKeycode
keycode_videophone :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f5 :: CKeycode
keycode_touchpad_toggle :: CKeycode
keycode_coffee :: CKeycode
keycode_fn :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_esc :: CKeycode
keycode_fn_f11 :: CKeycode
keycode_kp8 :: CKeycode
keycode_hanja :: CKeycode
keycode_ab :: CKeycode
keycode_del_eos :: CKeycode
keycode_scrolllock :: CKeycode
keycode_kp2 :: CKeycode
keycode_zenkakuhankaku :: CKeycode
keycode_file :: CKeycode
keycode_vendor :: CKeycode
keycode_10channelsup :: CKeycode
toEvdev :: CKeycode -> Int
fromEvdev :: Int -> CKeycode

module Text.XkbCommon.ModList
ledname_caps :: [Char]
ledname_scroll :: [Char]
ledname_num :: [Char]
modname_num :: [Char]
modname_caps :: [Char]
modname_ctrl :: [Char]
modname_shift :: [Char]
modname_logo :: [Char]
modname_alt :: [Char]

module Text.XkbCommon.KeysymList
keysym_KP_Add :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Attn :: Keysym
keysym_g :: Keysym
keysym_yacute :: Keysym
keysym_Wdiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_be :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_kokai :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_par :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_jil :: Keysym
keysym_MillSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_2 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2356 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_137 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_47 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_134567 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_kha :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ru2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86HomePage :: Keysym
keysym_XF86WWW :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Messenger :: Keysym
keysym_SunFA_Diaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_SunCompose :: Keysym
keysym_Dacute_accent :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Button5 :: Keysym
keysym_a :: Keysym
keysym_Eth :: Keysym
keysym_kana_e :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_sheen :: Keysym
keysym_Macedonia_gje :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_epsilonaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_UPSILON :: Keysym
keysym_approximate :: Keysym
keysym_emspace :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_gimel :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_teth :: Keysym
keysym_twosubscript :: Keysym
keysym_foursubscript :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_256 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_4678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_jnya :: Keysym
keysym_XF86User1KB :: Keysym
keysym_osfNextField :: Keysym
keysym_Sys_Req :: Keysym
keysym_Multi_key :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Last_Group :: Keysym
keysym_dead_abovereversedcomma :: Keysym
keysym_dead_longsolidusoverlay :: Keysym
keysym_3270_KeyClick :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_4 :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_iotadieresis :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_lambda :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_phi :: Keysym
keysym_leftradical :: Keysym
keysym_toprightsqbracket :: Keysym
keysym_lf :: Keysym
keysym_digitspace :: Keysym
keysym_leftopentriangle :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_yoying :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SsangPieub :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_phar :: Keysym
keysym_Xabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12478 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3478 :: Keysym
keysym_SunF37 :: Keysym
keysym_SunPowerSwitchShift :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Right :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Drag4 :: Keysym
keysym_U :: Keysym
keysym_Agrave :: Keysym
keysym_adiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_Tabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_E :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_upsilonaccentdieresis :: Keysym
keysym_topintegral :: Keysym
keysym_onethird :: Keysym
keysym_heart :: Keysym
keysym_telephone :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thothong :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lakkhangyao :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2347 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_128 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_38 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_245678 :: Keysym
keysym_Muhenkan :: Keysym
keysym_Eisu_toggle :: Keysym
keysym_Menu :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Equal :: Keysym
keysym_F33 :: Keysym
keysym_Caps_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Emphasize :: Keysym
keysym_dead_doubleacute :: Keysym
keysym_exclam :: Keysym
keysym_O :: Keysym
keysym_egrave :: Keysym
keysym_oslash :: Keysym
keysym_Pabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ghe_bar :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_nje :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ve :: Keysym
keysym_uparrow :: Keysym
keysym_leftanglebracket :: Keysym
keysym_singlelowquotemark :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_finalnun :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_247 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_178 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_15678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Finance :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ScrollUp :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ZoomOut :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioRepeat :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Yellow :: Keysym
keysym_SunFA_Circum :: Keysym
keysym_KP_F1 :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Decimal :: Keysym
keysym_3270_PrintScreen :: Keysym
keysym_I :: Keysym
keysym_aogonek :: Keysym
keysym_cacute :: Keysym
keysym_omacron :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_8 :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_es :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_CHI :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_oang :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraii :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_fe :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_don :: Keysym
keysym_Uhorn :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_124568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_34568 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_gha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioRecord :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Reply :: Keysym
keysym_Romaji :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Down :: Keysym
keysym_slash :: Keysym
keysym_C :: Keysym
keysym_ocircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_2 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_alef :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_em :: Keysym
keysym_rightshoe :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_fofan :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraa :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SingleCandidate :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_hyphen :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_vev :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ke :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_ghan :: Keysym
keysym_ecircumflextilde :: Keysym
keysym_Obelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_h2 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ndha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioNext :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MySites :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Send :: Keysym
keysym_XF86UWB :: Keysym
keysym_SunOpen :: Keysym
keysym_Select :: Keysym
keysym_F24 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_acircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Abreve :: Keysym
keysym_ecaron :: Keysym
keysym_Dabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_A :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamzaonyeh :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_LAMBDA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_pi :: Keysym
keysym_rightmiddlesummation :: Keysym
keysym_vertbar :: Keysym
keysym_leftpointer :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_leksi :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Phieuf :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_pe :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_RA :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_he :: Keysym
keysym_ocircumflexhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_238 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_24578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ee :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Spell :: Keysym
keysym_R7 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level5_Shift :: Keysym
keysym_C_H :: Keysym
keysym_7 :: Keysym
keysym_Scircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_overline :: Keysym
keysym_kana_ya :: Keysym
keysym_Macedonia_KJE :: Keysym
keysym_rightarrow :: Keysym
keysym_trademarkincircle :: Keysym
keysym_rightdoublequotemark :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_khokhon :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_chochang :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_SsangKiyeog :: Keysym
keysym_ecircumflexacute :: Keysym
keysym_ohornbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_uhorn :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1257 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_357 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ee2 :: Keysym
keysym_osfPrimaryPaste :: Keysym
keysym_osfBeginLine :: Keysym
keysym_osfDeselectAll :: Keysym
keysym_osfReselect :: Keysym
keysym_KP_9 :: Keysym
keysym_R1 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_ogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_UpRight :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DblClick_Dflt :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Rule :: Keysym
keysym_1 :: Keysym
keysym_bracketright :: Keysym
keysym_AE :: Keysym
keysym_Ecircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Ograve :: Keysym
keysym_udiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_ENG :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_kasra :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_HA_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_finalsmallsigma :: Keysym
keysym_em4space :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_U :: Keysym
keysym_SCHWA :: Keysym
keysym_ocircumflexbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_stricteq :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_124678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_34678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86KbdLightOnOff :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Select :: Keysym
keysym_hpYdiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_KP_3 :: Keysym
keysym_F15 :: Keysym
keysym_L8 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Right2 :: Keysym
keysym_Aring :: Keysym
keysym_lcaron :: Keysym
keysym_Ukranian_i :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_accentdieresis :: Keysym
keysym_topleftsummation :: Keysym
keysym_integral :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_he :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_soso :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraaimaimalai :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_O :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_we :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_har :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_14 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_5 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123478 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_cha :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_thha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ModeLock :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_5 :: Keysym
keysym_InsertChar :: Keysym
keysym_L2 :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_UpLeft :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Ident :: Keysym
keysym_bracketleft :: Keysym
keysym_brokenbar :: Keysym
keysym_Hstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_shha :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_gamma :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_iota :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_bet :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_I :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_yech :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_e :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_TSO :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1248 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_348 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1235678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_aee2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86iTouch :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Away :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioRandomPlay :: Keysym
keysym_DeleteLine :: Keysym
keysym_Ext16bit_R :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Multiply :: Keysym
keysym_F9 :: Keysym
keysym_R14 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_perispomeni :: Keysym
keysym_kana_TE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ya :: Keysym
keysym_therefore :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_honokhuk :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_PanSios :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_verjaket :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_separation_mark :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_da :: Keysym
keysym_Ocaron :: Keysym
keysym_uhornbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1367 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2345678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_rii :: Keysym
keysym_XF86BackForward :: Keysym
keysym_Ext16bit_L :: Keysym
keysym_Insert :: Keysym
keysym_F3 :: Keysym
keysym_Alt_R :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level2_Latch :: Keysym
keysym_dead_e :: Keysym
keysym_SlowKeys_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Left2 :: Keysym
keysym_aring :: Keysym
keysym_scaron :: Keysym
keysym_doubleacute :: Keysym
keysym_Imacron :: Keysym
keysym_kana_closingbracket :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hah :: Keysym
keysym_Macedonia_GJE :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_omicronaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_ZETA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_beta :: Keysym
keysym_notequal :: Keysym
keysym_horizlinescan5 :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_loling :: Keysym
keysym_uhorntilde :: Keysym
keysym_ninesubscript :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_dda :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ae2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LaunchF :: Keysym
keysym_mute_grave :: Keysym
keysym_Alt_L :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Partial_Space_Left :: Keysym
keysym_x :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_noon :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_dammatan :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_JE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_yeru :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_PHI :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_finalmem :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_samekh :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YA :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_145 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_4567 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ca :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_tha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86View :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LogWindowTree :: Keysym
keysym_hpguilder :: Keysym
keysym_Touroku :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Center_Object :: Keysym
keysym_RepeatKeys_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DblClick5 :: Keysym
keysym_r :: Keysym
keysym_Ccedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_percent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_EPSILON :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_lamed :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_ayin :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_zadi :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_en :: Keysym
keysym_Uhook :: Keysym
keysym_uhornacute :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12367 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1358 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_458 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Excel :: Keysym
keysym_XF86TouchpadOff :: Keysym
keysym_SunFront :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Left :: Keysym
keysym_dead_abovering :: Keysym
keysym_3270_PA2 :: Keysym
keysym_l :: Keysym
keysym_Idiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_zcaron :: Keysym
keysym_udoubleacute :: Keysym
keysym_Hcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_tatweel :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_NJE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_TE :: Keysym
keysym_doubledagger :: Keysym
keysym_phonographcopyright :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_khokhuat :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_NieunHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_YeorinHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_dza :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_7 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ma :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ContrastAdjust :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch4 :: Keysym
keysym_Return :: Keysym
keysym_Num_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_f :: Keysym
keysym_kana_HA :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_waw :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_u_macron :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_NU :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_topatak :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_totao :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Start :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_on :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_zhar :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_1 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_136 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_46 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_145678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_au :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ra :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Support :: Keysym
keysym_Down :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowdiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Button4 :: Keysym
keysym_kana_comma :: Keysym
keysym_kana_MA :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_9 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_zain :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_kaf :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_fathatan :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_damma :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_nje :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_resh :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_hohip :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_VEV :: Keysym
keysym_uhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12358 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MyComputer :: Keysym
keysym_XF86News :: Keysym
keysym_SunVideoRaiseBrightness :: Keysym
keysym_Massyo :: Keysym
keysym_dead_A :: Keysym
keysym_AccessX_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Drag_Dflt :: Keysym
keysym_CH :: Keysym
keysym_Z :: Keysym
keysym_backslash :: Keysym
keysym_hyphen :: Keysym
keysym_kana_RA :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_3 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_question_mark :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_teh :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_sigma :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maihanakat :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_WI :: Keysym
keysym_Etilde :: Keysym
keysym_ColonSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1468 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_568 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ai :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_pha :: Keysym
keysym_SunF36 :: Keysym
keysym_hpUser :: Keysym
keysym_osfBackSpace :: Keysym
keysym_osfPageDown :: Keysym
keysym_Linefeed :: Keysym
keysym_Terminate_Server :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Drag3 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_CursorBlink :: Keysym
keysym_T :: Keysym
keysym_nobreakspace :: Keysym
keysym_ucircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_itilde :: Keysym
keysym_Amacron :: Keysym
keysym_kana_FU :: Keysym
keysym_kana_WA :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_tshe :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_delta :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_NieunHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YAE :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Nieun :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_vo :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_SE :: Keysym
keysym_Acircumflextilde :: Keysym
keysym_ohorngrave :: Keysym
keysym_ohornhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2346 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_127 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_37 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ssha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Meeting :: Keysym
keysym_F32 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Move_Line_Up :: Keysym
keysym_N :: Keysym
keysym_Eacute :: Keysym
keysym_ooblique :: Keysym
keysym_dcaron :: Keysym
keysym_tcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_gcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_kana_KU :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ha_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_HA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_THETA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_XI :: Keysym
keysym_ff :: Keysym
keysym_upleftcorner :: Keysym
keysym_bott :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Cieuc :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulSios :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_246 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_uu :: Keysym
keysym_SunPrint_Screen :: Keysym
keysym_osfAddMode :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level5_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Next_Group :: Keysym
keysym_quotedbl :: Keysym
keysym_H :: Keysym
keysym_iacute :: Keysym
keysym_Ycircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_mabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_KO :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_7 :: Keysym
keysym_Ukranian_yi :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_er :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_SOFTSIGN :: Keysym
keysym_implies :: Keysym
keysym_signaturemark :: Keysym
keysym_rightsinglequotemark :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_kaph :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Jamo :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_AE :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_AraeA :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_gim :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_TCHE :: Keysym
keysym_Acircumflexacute :: Keysym
keysym_fivesuperior :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_124567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_34567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12468 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3468 :: Keysym
keysym_SunVideoLowerBrightness :: Keysym
keysym_F29 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level5_Latch :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Set_Margin_Left :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Fast_Cursor_Up :: Keysym
keysym_dead_grave :: Keysym
keysym_Last_Virtual_Screen :: Keysym
keysym_AudibleBell_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_B :: Keysym
keysym_kana_KI :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_1 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamzaonalef :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_gaf :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_che_vertstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_el :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_pe :: Keysym
keysym_topleftsqbracket :: Keysym
keysym_em3space :: Keysym
keysym_Gcaron :: Keysym
keysym_EuroSign :: Keysym
keysym_cuberoot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_28 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1578 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_678 :: Keysym
keysym_hplongminus :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Insert :: Keysym
keysym_F23 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowring :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowmacron :: Keysym
keysym_Lacute :: Keysym
keysym_Gbreve :: Keysym
keysym_eabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_tsu :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_peh :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_lam :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ef :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulKiyeog :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_AT :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_LYUN :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_qar :: Keysym
keysym_Obarred :: Keysym
keysym_lbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_237 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_168 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_78 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ii2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86CycleAngle :: Keysym
keysym_PreviousCandidate :: Keysym
keysym_Find :: Keysym
keysym_R6 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_lowline :: Keysym
keysym_6 :: Keysym
keysym_division :: Keysym
keysym_scedilla :: Keysym
keysym_umacron :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ze :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_UPSILONaccent :: Keysym
keysym_blank :: Keysym
keysym_checkerboard :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraaimaimuan :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_WEO :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Ecircumflexgrave :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1256 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_356 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_235678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86RockerUp :: Keysym
keysym_XF86User2KB :: Keysym
keysym_SunAgain :: Keysym
keysym_KP_8 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Release_Both_Margins :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Fast_Cursor_Right :: Keysym
keysym_dead_caron :: Keysym
keysym_First_Virtual_Screen :: Keysym
keysym_0 :: Keysym
keysym_Ugrave :: Keysym
keysym_Ncaron :: Keysym
keysym_Iogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_iotaaccentdieresis :: Keysym
keysym_onesixth :: Keysym
keysym_opentribulletup :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_phophan :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulPhieuf :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_je :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_zen :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12578 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_e :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Standby :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Begin :: Keysym
keysym_KP_2 :: Keysym
keysym_F14 :: Keysym
keysym_L7 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_breve :: Keysym
keysym_apostrophe :: Keysym
keysym_Thorn :: Keysym
keysym_Sacute :: Keysym
keysym_rcaron :: Keysym
keysym_ygrave :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_iotaaccent :: Keysym
keysym_topt :: Keysym
keysym_decimalpoint :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_popla :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sosala :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_yentamna :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_men :: Keysym
keysym_NewSheqelSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_4 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_24568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2378 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Copy :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_4 :: Keysym
keysym_SunVideoDegauss :: Keysym
keysym_Dcircumflex_accent :: Keysym
keysym_hpClearLine :: Keysym
keysym_hpInsertLine :: Keysym
keysym_osfSelect :: Keysym
keysym_Pause :: Keysym
keysym_Left :: Keysym
keysym_L1 :: Keysym
keysym_ssharp :: Keysym
keysym_jcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_wacute :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamza_below :: Keysym
keysym_filledtribulletup :: Keysym
keysym_righttack :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Hieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ligature_ew :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_zhe :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_DZA :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_apostrophe :: Keysym
keysym_Ohornhook :: Keysym
keysym_Yhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1247 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_347 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_278 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86BrightnessAdjust :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Hibernate :: Keysym
keysym_SunSys_Req :: Keysym
keysym_hpIO :: Keysym
keysym_Hankaku :: Keysym
keysym_Right :: Keysym
keysym_Undo :: Keysym
keysym_F8 :: Keysym
keysym_R13 :: Keysym
keysym_onesuperior :: Keysym
keysym_rcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_ha :: Keysym
keysym_Byelorussian_shortu :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_zhe :: Keysym
keysym_nabla :: Keysym
keysym_musicalsharp :: Keysym
keysym_musicalflat :: Keysym
keysym_doublelowquotemark :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_yod :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Special :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SsangSios :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_sha :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_hae :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_14578 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86HotLinks :: Keysym
keysym_osfPageLeft :: Keysym
keysym_F2 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_circumflex :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowcomma :: Keysym
keysym_c_h :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Setup :: Keysym
keysym_mu :: Keysym
keysym_thorn :: Keysym
keysym_Zacute :: Keysym
keysym_lstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Ubreve :: Keysym
keysym_Mabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_NJE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_sha :: Keysym
keysym_latincross :: Keysym
keysym_acircumflextilde :: Keysym
keysym_Abrevetilde :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_10 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123468 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_luu :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioPause :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LaunchE :: Keysym
keysym_XF86SplitScreen :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Xfer :: Keysym
keysym_Dcedilla_accent :: Keysym
keysym_longminus :: Keysym
keysym_Delete :: Keysym
keysym_dead_stroke :: Keysym
keysym_dead_doublegrave :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DownRight :: Keysym
keysym_comma :: Keysym
keysym_greater :: Keysym
keysym_w :: Keysym
keysym_exclamdown :: Keysym
keysym_plusminus :: Keysym
keysym_atilde :: Keysym
keysym_Iabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_NE :: Keysym
keysym_kana_switch :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_ra :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamza_above :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_U_straight :: Keysym
keysym_filledlefttribullet :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraae :: Keysym
keysym_yhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1238 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_24678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MonBrightnessDown :: Keysym
keysym_XF86PowerDown :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Book :: Keysym
keysym_hpDeleteChar :: Keysym
keysym_hpmute_asciitilde :: Keysym
keysym_Page_Down :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Next_Group_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DblClick4 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_BackTab :: Keysym
keysym_q :: Keysym
keysym_Eabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_OE :: Keysym
keysym_kana_u :: Keysym
keysym_kana_SHI :: Keysym
keysym_kana_SE :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_seen :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ZHE_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_a :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_zain :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_finalpe :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_dochada :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_End :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Kiyeog :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulMieum :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_TO :: Keysym
keysym_Lbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_acircumflexacute :: Keysym
keysym_Abreveacute :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1357 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23478 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_nja :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioRaiseVolume :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Memo :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch9 :: Keysym
keysym_osfUp :: Keysym
keysym_Escape :: Keysym
keysym_Zenkaku :: Keysym
keysym_Super_R :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Prev_Group :: Keysym
keysym_3270_PA1 :: Keysym
keysym_equal :: Keysym
keysym_k :: Keysym
keysym_yen :: Keysym
keysym_aacute :: Keysym
keysym_Aogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Omacron :: Keysym
keysym_kana_o :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_DE :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_char :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_6 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch3 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86OfficeHome :: Keysym
keysym_Dtilde :: Keysym
keysym_hpKP_BackTab :: Keysym
keysym_osfInsert :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Page_Down :: Keysym
keysym_Super_L :: Keysym
keysym_e :: Keysym
keysym_kana_i :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_heh :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_IE :: Keysym
keysym_Byelorussian_SHORTU :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_IE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_U :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_tau :: Keysym
keysym_botleftsummation :: Keysym
keysym_union :: Keysym
keysym_logicaland :: Keysym
keysym_upcaret :: Keysym
keysym_circle :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_finalzade :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_fofa :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_nikhahit :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_GIM :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_cil :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_135 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_45 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_dha :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ba :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ai2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86WakeUp :: Keysym
keysym_osfBackTab :: Keysym
keysym_osfRestore :: Keysym
keysym_ClearLine :: Keysym
keysym_Tab :: Keysym
keysym_Clear :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level3_Shift :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Group_Shift :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Set_Margin_Right :: Keysym
keysym_dead_aboveverticalline :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Button3 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_EraseInput :: Keysym
keysym_less :: Keysym
keysym_Ediaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_ccaron :: Keysym
keysym_tslash :: Keysym
keysym_kana_middledot :: Keysym
keysym_semivoicedsound :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_8 :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_shcha :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_O :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_HARDSIGN :: Keysym
keysym_crossinglines :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraue :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Mieum :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_tsa :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ra :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_ban :: Keysym
keysym_ecircumflexgrave :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12357 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1348 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ga :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_nya :: Keysym
keysym_SunPageUp :: Keysym
keysym_Y :: Keysym
keysym_degree :: Keysym
keysym_kana_TSU :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_2 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_tehmarbuta :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_I :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_JE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_I :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_kappa :: Keysym
keysym_downarrow :: Keysym
keysym_openstar :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_ngongu :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_baht :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulMieum :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Ieung :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_question :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_TYUN :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_in :: Keysym
keysym_Ohorn :: Keysym
keysym_WonSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1234578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_la :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Back :: Keysym
keysym_XF86VendorHome :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Save :: Keysym
keysym_SunFA_Cedilla :: Keysym
keysym_L10 :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Drag2 :: Keysym
keysym_S :: Keysym
keysym_guillemotright :: Keysym
keysym_ae :: Keysym
keysym_otilde :: Keysym
keysym_dstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_MU :: Keysym
keysym_Ocircumflextilde :: Keysym
keysym_DongSign :: Keysym
keysym_sevensubscript :: Keysym
keysym_because :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2345 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_126 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_36 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Calendar :: Keysym
keysym_XF86History :: Keysym
keysym_osfActivate :: Keysym
keysym_osfEndLine :: Keysym
keysym_mute_asciicircum :: Keysym
keysym_Page_Up :: Keysym
keysym_F31 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowtilde :: Keysym
keysym_asterisk :: Keysym
keysym_M :: Keysym
keysym_ordfeminine :: Keysym
keysym_Odiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_Ccircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_uogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_yeh :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_eta :: Keysym
keysym_rightcaret :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_shin :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ini :: Keysym
keysym_acircumflexhook :: Keysym
keysym_Abrevehook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_245 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12348 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_va :: Keysym
keysym_Dring_accent :: Keysym
keysym_osfSelectAll :: Keysym
keysym_G :: Keysym
keysym_oacute :: Keysym
keysym_emacron :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_6 :: Keysym
keysym_seveneighths :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_waw :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_tet :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sarae :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_NieunJieuj :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_MEN :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_VYUN :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_san :: Keysym
keysym_Ocircumflexacute :: Keysym
keysym_ohorn :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1458 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_135678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_45678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ApplicationRight :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Documents :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Music :: Keysym
keysym_F28 :: Keysym
keysym_MouseKeys_Accel_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_A :: Keysym
keysym_kana_E :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_0 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_meem :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_fatha :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_switch :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_IOTAaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_ALPHA :: Keysym
keysym_logicalor :: Keysym
keysym_endash :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Romaja :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Dikeud :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ZHE :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_RE :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_27 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Terminal :: Keysym
keysym_osfHelp :: Keysym
keysym_F22 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Test :: Keysym
keysym_period :: Keysym
keysym_acute :: Keysym
keysym_Racute :: Keysym
keysym_Ydiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_tteh :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_zah :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_KA_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_EN_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ZHE :: Keysym
keysym_botrightsummation :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_doublelowline :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_PreHanja :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_SHA :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_236 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_167 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_oo :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_luu2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Stop :: Keysym
keysym_osfCut :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Delete :: Keysym
keysym_R5 :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Down :: Keysym
keysym_5 :: Keysym
keysym_kana_conjunctive :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_sad :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_je :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_SHA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_LAMDA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_omicron :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lochula :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_chin :: Keysym
keysym_Ohorntilde :: Keysym
keysym_uhorngrave :: Keysym
keysym_Ytilde :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12458 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3458 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86RotationKB :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Subtitle :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Blue :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LogGrabInfo :: Keysym
keysym_SunAudioLowerVolume :: Keysym
keysym_Dgrave_accent :: Keysym
keysym_KP_7 :: Keysym
keysym_F19 :: Keysym
keysym_macron :: Keysym
keysym_Tcaron :: Keysym
keysym_kana_TU :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_heh_goal :: Keysym
keysym_emfilledrect :: Keysym
keysym_opentribulletdown :: Keysym
keysym_dagger :: Keysym
keysym_upshoe :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_nonen :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_NieunJieuj :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Rieul :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Khieuq :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_o :: Keysym
keysym_zstroke :: Keysym
keysym_ezh :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_18 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1568 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Cut :: Keysym
keysym_XF86RotationPB :: Keysym
keysym_XF86UserPB :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_9 :: Keysym
keysym_osfPageUp :: Keysym
keysym_KP_1 :: Keysym
keysym_F13 :: Keysym
keysym_L6 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_u :: Keysym
keysym_periodcentered :: Keysym
keysym_Yacute :: Keysym
keysym_zabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_TO :: Keysym
keysym_kana_YU :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_U_macron :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_te :: Keysym
keysym_filledrighttribullet :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_kuf :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_khorakhang :: Keysym
keysym_Ohornacute :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_24567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_158 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_68 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LightBulb :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_3 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_12 :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Tab :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Page_Up :: Keysym
keysym_dead_o :: Keysym
keysym_3270_ChangeScreen :: Keysym
keysym_quoteright :: Keysym
keysym_braceleft :: Keysym
keysym_Udoubleacute :: Keysym
keysym_ncedilla :: Keysym
keysym_kana_TI :: Keysym
keysym_kana_YO :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_OMEGA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_nu :: Keysym
keysym_enfilledcircbullet :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_OE :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Cieuc :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_khar :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1246 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_346 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_lla :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Travel :: Keysym
keysym_Henkan :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Enter :: Keysym
keysym_F7 :: Keysym
keysym_R12 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_i :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_TAU :: Keysym
keysym_ht :: Keysym
keysym_horizlinescan9 :: Keysym
keysym_enopencircbullet :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_aleph :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thothung :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_A :: Keysym
keysym_Ohook :: Keysym
keysym_ybelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3568 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Video :: Keysym
keysym_osfRight :: Keysym
keysym_F1 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Prev_Group_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowverticalline :: Keysym
keysym_ch :: Keysym
keysym_3270_AltCursor :: Keysym
keysym_botleftsqbracket :: Keysym
keysym_horizlinescan3 :: Keysym
keysym_trademark :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YE :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_KiyeogSios :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_TSA :: Keysym
keysym_ocircumflextilde :: Keysym
keysym_ubelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2368 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioPlay :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Eject :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LaunchD :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Up :: Keysym
keysym_Prev_Virtual_Screen :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DfltBtnPrev :: Keysym
keysym_asciicircum :: Keysym
keysym_v :: Keysym
keysym_Egrave :: Keysym
keysym_Oslash :: Keysym
keysym_Ooblique :: Keysym
keysym_Tcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_kappa :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_YU :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_EPSILONaccent :: Keysym
keysym_prescription :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_gimmel :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_zayin :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_but :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ayb :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_se :: Keysym
keysym_schwa :: Keysym
keysym_RupeeSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1237 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_268 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_oo2 :: Keysym
keysym_osfPageRight :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DblClick3 :: Keysym
keysym_colon :: Keysym
keysym_p :: Keysym
keysym_braceright :: Keysym
keysym_diaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_igrave :: Keysym
keysym_Cacute :: Keysym
keysym_scircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_fabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_ddal :: Keysym
keysym_Ukranian_I :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ha :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_IOTAdieresis :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_zeta :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_xi :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_rho :: Keysym
keysym_emopenrectangle :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_khokhwai :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_phophung :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Sios :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ZA :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_cha :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_kan :: Keysym
keysym_Acircumflexgrave :: Keysym
keysym_ohook :: Keysym
keysym_ocircumflexacute :: Keysym
keysym_Ocircumflexhook :: Keysym
keysym_eightsuperior :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1356 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_14568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12345678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_u2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch8 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MailForward :: Keysym
keysym_XF86FrameBack :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level3_Latch :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Level3_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Group_Latch :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Group_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_j :: Keysym
keysym_ecircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_babovedot :: Keysym
keysym_wdiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_kana_HE :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamzaunderalef :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_che_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_YI :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_ETA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_switch :: Keysym
keysym_greaterthanequal :: Keysym
keysym_function :: Keysym
keysym_downshoe :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lekkao :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_E :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_INI :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_NU :: Keysym
keysym_Acircumflexbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_ibelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_5 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123458 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_234578 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ruu2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Display :: Keysym
keysym_Execute :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Space :: Keysym
keysym_d :: Keysym
keysym_ntilde :: Keysym
keysym_Ecaron :: Keysym
keysym_Wcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_kana_ME :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_superscript_alef :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_dal :: Keysym
keysym_includedin :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_nonu :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_KiyeogSios :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Jieuj :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulPhieuf :: Keysym
keysym_Ahook :: Keysym
keysym_ebelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_fourthroot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_134 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2478 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86RockerEnter :: Keysym
keysym_SunPaste :: Keysym
keysym_osfDelete :: Keysym
keysym_Codeinput :: Keysym
keysym_Zen_Koho :: Keysym
keysym_script_switch :: Keysym
keysym_dead_E :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Left :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Button2 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Duplicate :: Keysym
keysym_onehalf :: Keysym
keysym_Icircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Scedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Zabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_eogonek :: Keysym
keysym_kana_CHI :: Keysym
keysym_kana_RE :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_7 :: Keysym
keysym_Macedonia_dse :: Keysym
keysym_horizconnector :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_pe :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulPieub :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Hieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_at :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_vin :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_hoe :: Keysym
keysym_abelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_tintegral :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12356 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1347 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23468 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1278 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_378 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86TouchpadToggle :: Keysym
keysym_osfClear :: Keysym
keysym_Begin :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Prior :: Keysym
keysym_X :: Keysym
keysym_nacute :: Keysym
keysym_odoubleacute :: Keysym
keysym_lcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Umacron :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_1 :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ka_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_en_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_ALPHAaccent :: Keysym
keysym_oneeighth :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_bobaimai :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_rorua :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_PieubSios :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_nar :: Keysym
keysym_ibreve :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_14678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_5678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_nna :: Keysym
keysym_osfEscape :: Keysym
keysym_lira :: Keysym
keysym_dead_small_schwa :: Keysym
keysym_dead_greek :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Drag1 :: Keysym
keysym_R :: Keysym
keysym_cent :: Keysym
keysym_Adiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_multiply :: Keysym
keysym_Lcaron :: Keysym
keysym_abovedot :: Keysym
keysym_utilde :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_KA_vertstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_OMEGAaccent :: Keysym
keysym_botrightsqbracket :: Keysym
keysym_partialderivative :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_het :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_taf :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maiyamok :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_WA :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_gan :: Keysym
keysym_ahook :: Keysym
keysym_Ohornbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_Ybelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_notelementof :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_125 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_35 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13478 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_aa :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Search :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Tools :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Bluetooth :: Keysym
keysym_Hiragana_Katakana :: Keysym
keysym_KP_F4 :: Keysym
keysym_F30 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Enter :: Keysym
keysym_dead_abovedot :: Keysym
keysym_ampersand :: Keysym
keysym_L :: Keysym
keysym_guillemotleft :: Keysym
keysym_wgrave :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_ETAaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_chochoe :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sosua :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Pieub :: Keysym
keysym_EZH :: Keysym
keysym_Ubelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_emptyset :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12347 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_aee :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_fa :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ZoomIn :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioForward :: Keysym
keysym_hpmute_acute :: Keysym
keysym_osfBeginData :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Move_Line_Down :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Record :: Keysym
keysym_F :: Keysym
keysym_cedilla :: Keysym
keysym_threequarters :: Keysym
keysym_questiondown :: Keysym
keysym_uacute :: Keysym
keysym_ogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Rcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_5 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_theh :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_moma :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulPieub :: Keysym
keysym_dintegral :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1234568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ka :: Keysym
keysym_XF86PowerOff :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Shop :: Keysym
keysym_XF86RotateWindows :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioCycleTrack :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Time :: Keysym
keysym_osfQuickPaste :: Keysym
keysym_F27 :: Keysym
keysym_Scaron :: Keysym
keysym_hcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_kcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Fabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_lje :: Keysym
keysym_ifonlyif :: Keysym
keysym_enfilledsqbullet :: Keysym
keysym_leftshoe :: Keysym
keysym_notapproxeq :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_26 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_u :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_pa :: Keysym
keysym_F21 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Left_Tab :: Keysym
keysym_dead_horn :: Keysym
keysym_3270_CursorSelect :: Keysym
keysym_parenleft :: Keysym
keysym_Lstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Babovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_KA :: Keysym
keysym_lowleftcorner :: Keysym
keysym_openrectbullet :: Keysym
keysym_filledtribulletdown :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_MultipleCandidate :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_GHAT :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_tche :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_xan :: Keysym
keysym_ecircumflexhook :: Keysym
keysym_Ibelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_Uhornbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_sevensuperior :: Keysym
keysym_zerosubscript :: Keysym
keysym_sixsubscript :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_235 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_o :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_lu2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Go :: Keysym
keysym_hpReset :: Keysym
keysym_BackTab :: Keysym
keysym_R4 :: Keysym
keysym_Meta_R :: Keysym
keysym_4 :: Keysym
keysym_Ukranian_JE :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lekchet :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Mieum :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Phieuf :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_shesht :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_can :: Keysym
keysym_acircumflexgrave :: Keysym
keysym_Abrevegrave :: Keysym
keysym_Ebelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_notidentical :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3457 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_i :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Q :: Keysym
keysym_InsertLine :: Keysym
keysym_KP_6 :: Keysym
keysym_F18 :: Keysym
keysym_Meta_L :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DownLeft :: Keysym
keysym_Udiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_agrave :: Keysym
keysym_Zcaron :: Keysym
keysym_oe :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_OMICRONaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_theta :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lekha :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Ieung :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SunkyeongeumMieum :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_AYB :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_to :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_lyun :: Keysym
keysym_Abelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_fivesubscript :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_17 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_8 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1234678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Favorites :: Keysym
keysym_XF86TopMenu :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_8 :: Keysym
keysym_SunPageDown :: Keysym
keysym_osfMenuBar :: Keysym
keysym_Henkan_Mode :: Keysym
keysym_Redo :: Keysym
keysym_KP_0 :: Keysym
keysym_F12 :: Keysym
keysym_L5 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Partial_Line_Down :: Keysym
keysym_3270_FieldMark :: Keysym
keysym_semicolon :: Keysym
keysym_idotless :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_comma :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_qaf :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_yeh :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_SCHWA :: Keysym
keysym_numerosign :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_de :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_RHO :: Keysym
keysym_botintegral :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_leksun :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Codeinput :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_CHA :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_jhan :: Keysym
keysym_acircumflexbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_Abrevebelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_LiraSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_157 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_67 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_125678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_35678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ii :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioPrev :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Community :: Keysym
keysym_XF86CD :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_11 :: Keysym
keysym_mute_diaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Home :: Keysym
keysym_3270_ExSelect :: Keysym
keysym_eth :: Keysym
keysym_kra :: Keysym
keysym_kana_NU :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_U_straight_bar :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_ie :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ie :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_KA :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_EN :: Keysym
keysym_nl :: Keysym
keysym_emdash :: Keysym
keysym_rightpointer :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lekpaet :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_RieulTieut :: Keysym
keysym_PesetaSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1245 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_345 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86FrameForward :: Keysym
keysym_SunCopy :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Next :: Keysym
keysym_F6 :: Keysym
keysym_R11 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Release_Margin_Right :: Keysym
keysym_ycircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_kana_SU :: Keysym
keysym_kana_NO :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_CHE_vertstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_softsign :: Keysym
keysym_topleftparens :: Keysym
keysym_lessthanequal :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_full_stop :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_accent :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_PYUR :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_tan :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3567 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioMedia :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Suspend :: Keysym
keysym_DeleteChar :: Keysym
keysym_abreve :: Keysym
keysym_Itilde :: Keysym
keysym_kana_SO :: Keysym
keysym_kana_NI :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_je :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_dze :: Keysym
keysym_Macedonia_DSE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_DZHE :: Keysym
keysym_variation :: Keysym
keysym_hairspace :: Keysym
keysym_upstile :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_qoph :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_PostHanja :: Keysym
keysym_Ehook :: Keysym
keysym_Ecircumflexbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_Uhorntilde :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2367 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_148 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_58 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_134578 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LaunchC :: Keysym
keysym_Print :: Keysym
keysym_Shift_R :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Quit :: Keysym
keysym_u :: Keysym
keysym_Dcaron :: Keysym
keysym_Dstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_i_macron :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_e :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_mu :: Keysym
keysym_topleftradical :: Keysym
keysym_uptack :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thanthakhat :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Tieut :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_amanak :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1236 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_267 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Start :: Keysym
keysym_XF86WheelButton :: Keysym
keysym_Ddiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_KP_BackTab :: Keysym
keysym_Shift_L :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Partial_Space_Right :: Keysym
keysym_dead_dasia :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DblClick2 :: Keysym
keysym_numbersign :: Keysym
keysym_o :: Keysym
keysym_Iacute :: Keysym
keysym_Ocircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_idiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_ograve :: Keysym
keysym_Uogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_maddaonalef :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_IO :: Keysym
keysym_downcaret :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_ru :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sarauu :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maihanakat_maitho :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Hanja :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulTieut :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_SsangSios :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ben :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_shin :: Keysym
keysym_Ocircumflexgrave :: Keysym
keysym_Uhornacute :: Keysym
keysym_containsas :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_14567 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_e2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioStop :: Keysym
keysym_XF86OpenURL :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch7 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Calculater :: Keysym
keysym_hpblock :: Keysym
keysym_Cancel :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Separator :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Release_Margin_Left :: Keysym
keysym_minus :: Keysym
keysym_i :: Keysym
keysym_asciitilde :: Keysym
keysym_Acircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Emacron :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_veh :: Keysym
keysym_permille :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_finalzadi :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Rieul :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_rae :: Keysym
keysym_ehook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_4 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2358 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_mba :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioMute :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Mail :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ScreenSaver :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch1 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Clear :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Close :: Keysym
keysym_SunFind :: Keysym
keysym_System :: Keysym
keysym_Kanji_Bangou :: Keysym
keysym_dead_diaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_dead_hook :: Keysym
keysym_plus :: Keysym
keysym_grave :: Keysym
keysym_c :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_thal :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_ghe_with_upturn :: Keysym
keysym_botvertsummationconnector :: Keysym
keysym_leftarrow :: Keysym
keysym_rightt :: Keysym
keysym_ballotcross :: Keysym
keysym_malesymbol :: Keysym
keysym_caret :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_taw :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_re :: Keysym
keysym_eightsubscript :: Keysym
keysym_elementof :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_258 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_o2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Calculator :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Refresh :: Keysym
keysym_Reset :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Last_Group_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Continuous_Underline :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Button1 :: Keysym
keysym_kana_a :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_6 :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_LJE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_tse :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_upsilon :: Keysym
keysym_infinity :: Keysym
keysym_vt :: Keysym
keysym_fiveeighths :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lekhok :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Sios :: Keysym
keysym_ocaron :: Keysym
keysym_uhornhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1346 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23467 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_al :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Explorer :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Battery :: Keysym
keysym_Katakana :: Keysym
keysym_Eisu_Shift :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Accelerate :: Keysym
keysym_C_h :: Keysym
keysym_W :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_0 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_noon_ghunna :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_GHE_WITH_UPTURN :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_IOTAdiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_figdash :: Keysym
keysym_underbar :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_khokhai :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sarau :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_HO :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_234568 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Reload :: Keysym
keysym_SunFA_Tilde :: Keysym
keysym_Help :: Keysym
keysym_F35 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Fast_Cursor_Down :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowbreve :: Keysym
keysym_Q :: Keysym
keysym_caron :: Keysym
keysym_Rcaron :: Keysym
keysym_sabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Ygrave :: Keysym
keysym_kana_tu :: Keysym
keysym_kana_U :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_lje :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_A :: Keysym
keysym_maltesecross :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sarao :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_AraeAE :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_HI :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_hie :: Keysym
keysym_Zstroke :: Keysym
keysym_abrevetilde :: Keysym
keysym_Ohorngrave :: Keysym
keysym_partdifferential :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_124 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_34 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2468 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86New :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Word :: Keysym
keysym_SunAltGraph :: Keysym
keysym_SunUndo :: Keysym
keysym_hpmute_asciicircum :: Keysym
keysym_osfExtend :: Keysym
keysym_KP_F3 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_First_Group_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_dead_cedilla :: Keysym
keysym_K :: Keysym
keysym_breve :: Keysym
keysym_Ncedilla :: Keysym
keysym_Wacute :: Keysym
keysym_kana_yu :: Keysym
keysym_kana_O :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_khah :: Keysym
keysym_similarequal :: Keysym
keysym_downtack :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sarai :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulYeorinHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_khe :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_tyun :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12346 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23458 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1268 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_368 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_uu2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86KbdBrightnessUp :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioRewind :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Open :: Keysym
keysym_SunFA_Acute :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Up :: Keysym
keysym_E :: Keysym
keysym_gcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_kana_yo :: Keysym
keysym_kana_I :: Keysym
keysym_voicedsound :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_4 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_shadda :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_GHE_bar :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_BE :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_GAMMA :: Keysym
keysym_identical :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_samech :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YEO :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_WAE :: Keysym
keysym_abreveacute :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1234567 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Sleep :: Keysym
keysym_Home :: Keysym
keysym_F26 :: Keysym
keysym_MouseKeys_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_EnableKeys :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Play :: Keysym
keysym_ETH :: Keysym
keysym_gabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_fullstop :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamza :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_madda_above :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_farsi_yeh :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_finalkaph :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_dodek :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_leksam :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_EU :: Keysym
keysym_Korean_Won :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_25 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13468 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_234678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Pictures :: Keysym
keysym_DRemove :: Keysym
keysym_osfMenu :: Keysym
keysym_Next :: Keysym
keysym_F20 :: Keysym
keysym_R9 :: Keysym
keysym_Hyper_R :: Keysym
keysym_dead_capital_schwa :: Keysym
keysym_9 :: Keysym
keysym_onequarter :: Keysym
keysym_Atilde :: Keysym
keysym_Uring :: Keysym
keysym_cabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_OMICRON :: Keysym
keysym_leftmiddlecurlybrace :: Keysym
keysym_cursor :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_beth :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_leknung :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_switch :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_EO :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Jieuj :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_vyun :: Keysym
keysym_ecircumflexbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_234 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2578 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86DOS :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ScrollClick :: Keysym
keysym_SunProps :: Keysym
keysym_R3 :: Keysym
keysym_Hyper_L :: Keysym
keysym_BounceKeys_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_3 :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_SHHA :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_DZE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_yu :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_hardsign :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_IOTA :: Keysym
keysym_vertconnector :: Keysym
keysym_seconds :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thonangmontho :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maiek :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_YECH :: Keysym
keysym_etilde :: Keysym
keysym_ocircumflexgrave :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_3456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1378 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_478 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1345678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ja :: Keysym
keysym_SunStop :: Keysym
keysym_osfPrevField :: Keysym
keysym_block :: Keysym
keysym_KP_5 :: Keysym
keysym_F17 :: Keysym
keysym_Aacute :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_VE :: Keysym
keysym_rightmiddlecurlybrace :: Keysym
keysym_rightopentriangle :: Keysym
keysym_leftdoublequotemark :: Keysym
keysym_emfilledcircle :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sarauee :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_za :: Keysym
keysym_Ihook :: Keysym
keysym_Uhornhook :: Keysym
keysym_threesubscript :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_16 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_7 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_jha :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_tta :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Phone :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Green :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_7 :: Keysym
keysym_F11 :: Keysym
keysym_L4 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Reset :: Keysym
keysym_eacute :: Keysym
keysym_uring :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_yi :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ghe :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ES :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_BETA :: Keysym
keysym_threeeighths :: Keysym
keysym_jot :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_sorusi :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YU :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SunkyeongeumPhieuf :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_BEN :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_nu :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_FE :: Keysym
keysym_ninesuperior :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_156 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13578 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_4578 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Forward :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioMicMute :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_1 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_10 :: Keysym
keysym_SunAudioMute :: Keysym
keysym_osfPaste :: Keysym
keysym_User :: Keysym
keysym_Kana_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_Prior :: Keysym
keysym_Control_R :: Keysym
keysym_Shift_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_Overlay2_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Copy :: Keysym
keysym_currency :: Keysym
keysym_Ccaron :: Keysym
keysym_ccircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Tslash :: Keysym
keysym_Sabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_heh_doachashmee :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_yeh_baree :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_EM :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_YERU :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_upsilonaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_alpha :: Keysym
keysym_cr :: Keysym
keysym_rightanglebracket :: Keysym
keysym_lefttack :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thothan :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thothahan :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_E :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YO :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Pieub :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_KE :: Keysym
keysym_NairaSign :: Keysym
keysym_approxeq :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12378 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ya :: Keysym
keysym_hpInsertChar :: Keysym
keysym_hpModelock2 :: Keysym
keysym_hpSystem :: Keysym
keysym_hpmute_diaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_F5 :: Keysym
keysym_R10 :: Keysym
keysym_Control_L :: Keysym
keysym_dead_abovecomma :: Keysym
keysym_dead_currency :: Keysym
keysym_StickyKeys_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Button_Dflt :: Keysym
keysym_space :: Keysym
keysym_Ucircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Eogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Lcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_kana_TA :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ka_vertstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_PI :: Keysym
keysym_radical :: Keysym
keysym_horizlinescan7 :: Keysym
keysym_twofifths :: Keysym
keysym_fourfifths :: Keysym
keysym_careof :: Keysym
keysym_marker :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YI :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SunkyeongeumPieub :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ken :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_PE :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_fi :: Keysym
keysym_gcaron :: Keysym
keysym_Acircumflexhook :: Keysym
keysym_ihook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ScrollDown :: Keysym
keysym_XF86WLAN :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Ungrab :: Keysym
keysym_hpDeleteLine :: Keysym
keysym_Kana_Shift :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Fast_Cursor_Left :: Keysym
keysym_dead_a :: Keysym
keysym_AccessX_Feedback_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Right :: Keysym
keysym_Ch :: Keysym
keysym_underscore :: Keysym
keysym_z :: Keysym
keysym_section :: Keysym
keysym_Otilde :: Keysym
keysym_lacute :: Keysym
keysym_gbreve :: Keysym
keysym_Gcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_kana_HU :: Keysym
keysym_kana_YA :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_u_straight :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_dje :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_TSE :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_alphaaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_SIGMA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_lamda :: Keysym
keysym_horizlinescan1 :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_nun :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_chochan :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Jeonja :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Kiyeog :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_147 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_57 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AudioLowerVolume :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LaunchB :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ClearGrab :: Keysym
keysym_Kanji :: Keysym
keysym_Mae_Koho :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Divide :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowdot :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Enter :: Keysym
keysym_quoteleft :: Keysym
keysym_t :: Keysym
keysym_Odoubleacute :: Keysym
keysym_Gabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_HO :: Keysym
keysym_kana_MU :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_semicolon :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_jeh :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_omegaaccent :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_DELTA :: Keysym
keysym_botrightparens :: Keysym
keysym_doubbaselinedot :: Keysym
keysym_onefifth :: Keysym
keysym_quad :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_O :: Keysym
keysym_braille_blank :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1235 :: Keysym
keysym_hpmute_grave :: Keysym
keysym_Mode_switch :: Keysym
keysym_dead_U :: Keysym
keysym_Overlay1_Enable :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DblClick1 :: Keysym
keysym_question :: Keysym
keysym_n :: Keysym
keysym_Oacute :: Keysym
keysym_ugrave :: Keysym
keysym_ncaron :: Keysym
keysym_Cabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_openingbracket :: Keysym
keysym_kana_HI :: Keysym
keysym_kana_MO :: Keysym
keysym_kana_RU :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_LJE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_che :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_epsilon :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_zade :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_phinthu :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_KkogjiDalrinIeung :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_9 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_25678 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ri :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ng2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch6 :: Keysym
keysym_IO :: Keysym
keysym_Break :: Keysym
keysym_dead_O :: Keysym
keysym_h :: Keysym
keysym_paragraph :: Keysym
keysym_sacute :: Keysym
keysym_hstroke :: Keysym
keysym_Kcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_kana_MI :: Keysym
keysym_kana_RO :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_CHE_descender :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_omega :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SsangKiyeog :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_KHE :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_3 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123456 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2357 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_138 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_48 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_134568 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch0 :: Keysym
keysym_hpBackTab :: Keysym
keysym_osfEndData :: Keysym
keysym_SingleCandidate :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_First_Group :: Keysym
keysym_dead_I :: Keysym
keysym_at :: Keysym
keysym_b :: Keysym
keysym_masculine :: Keysym
keysym_ediaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_kana_WO :: Keysym
keysym_kana_RI :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_O_bar :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_TSHE :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_YA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_psi :: Keysym
keysym_includes :: Keysym
keysym_club :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_lu :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulSios :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_paruyk :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_DA :: Keysym
keysym_squareroot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_257 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_kunddaliya :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MonBrightnessUp :: Keysym
keysym_XF86KbdBrightnessDown :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LogOff :: Keysym
keysym_sterling :: Keysym
keysym_imacron :: Keysym
keysym_Farsi_5 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_jeem :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_dad :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1345 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_124578 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_34578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ndda :: Keysym
keysym_XF86RockerDown :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Red :: Keysym
keysym_osfPrevMenu :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_Drag5 :: Keysym
keysym_V :: Keysym
keysym_zacute :: Keysym
keysym_ubreve :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_hamzaonwaw :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_feh :: Keysym
keysym_Ukranian_je :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_WE :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_234567 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2348 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ae :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_dhha :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_bha :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_i2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ApplicationLeft :: Keysym
keysym_osfCancel :: Keysym
keysym_mute_acute :: Keysym
keysym_End :: Keysym
keysym_F34 :: Keysym
keysym_Next_Virtual_Screen :: Keysym
keysym_P :: Keysym
keysym_twosuperior :: Keysym
keysym_odiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_Jcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_ain :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_o_bar :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_UPSILONdieresis :: Keysym
keysym_enspace :: Keysym
keysym_ellipsis :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_KkogjiDalrinIeung :: Keysym
keysym_abrevehook :: Keysym
keysym_foursuperior :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_123 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_248 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_134678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86TaskPane :: Keysym
keysym_XF86TouchpadOn :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Next_VMode :: Keysym
keysym_osfDown :: Keysym
keysym_KP_F2 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Partial_Line_Up :: Keysym
keysym_dead_iota :: Keysym
keysym_dead_voiced_sound :: Keysym
keysym_dead_invertedbreve :: Keysym
keysym_J :: Keysym
keysym_ccedilla :: Keysym
keysym_kana_N :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_9 :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_ghain :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_shorti :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_upsilondieresis :: Keysym
keysym_intersection :: Keysym
keysym_thinspace :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_PreviousCandidate :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Dikeud :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_Tieut :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_las :: Keysym
keysym_FFrancSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12345 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23457 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1267 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_367 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86WebCam :: Keysym
keysym_guilder :: Keysym
keysym_Up :: Keysym
keysym_dead_belowcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_3270_DeleteWord :: Keysym
keysym_D :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_3 :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ka :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_en :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_GHE :: Keysym
keysym_toprightsummation :: Keysym
keysym_lowrightcorner :: Keysym
keysym_filledrectbullet :: Keysym
keysym_diamond :: Keysym
keysym_femalesymbol :: Keysym
keysym_Hebrew_switch :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_phosamphao :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_paiyannoi :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maichattawa :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_leksong :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_PieubSios :: Keysym
keysym_CruzeiroSign :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1245678 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_345678 :: Keysym
keysym_osfCopy :: Keysym
keysym_F25 :: Keysym
keysym_ydiaeresis :: Keysym
keysym_kana_KE :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_rreh :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_fullstop :: Keysym
keysym_topvertsummationconnector :: Keysym
keysym_leftsinglequotemark :: Keysym
keysym_telephonerecorder :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_mem :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_J_PanSios :: Keysym
keysym_EcuSign :: Keysym
keysym_zerosuperior :: Keysym
keysym_sixsuperior :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_24 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13467 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2458 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_sha :: Keysym
keysym_R8 :: Keysym
keysym_8 :: Keysym
keysym_threesuperior :: Keysym
keysym_THORN :: Keysym
keysym_wcircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_beh :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_I_macron :: Keysym
keysym_enopensquarebullet :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SsangDikeud :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Khieuq :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_YeorinHieuh :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_exclam :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_KEN :: Keysym
keysym_ohorntilde :: Keysym
keysym_onesubscript :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1258 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_358 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_nga :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ddha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Market :: Keysym
keysym_R2 :: Keysym
keysym_3270_EraseEOF :: Keysym
keysym_3270_Jump :: Keysym
keysym_percent :: Keysym
keysym_2 :: Keysym
keysym_Igrave :: Keysym
keysym_icircumflex :: Keysym
keysym_amacron :: Keysym
keysym_Serbian_DJE :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_etaaccent :: Keysym
keysym_signifblank :: Keysym
keysym_minutes :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_daleth :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_chet :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maitaikhu :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_VO :: Keysym
keysym_Uhorngrave :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_23567 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_aa2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86AddFavorite :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MenuKB :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Paste :: Keysym
keysym_mute_asciitilde :: Keysym
keysym_Scroll_Lock :: Keysym
keysym_KP_4 :: Keysym
keysym_F16 :: Keysym
keysym_L9 :: Keysym
keysym_Pointer_DfltBtnNext :: Keysym
keysym_dollar :: Keysym
keysym_parenright :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_keheh :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_io :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_SHORTI :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_chi :: Keysym
keysym_botleftparens :: Keysym
keysym_uprightcorner :: Keysym
keysym_twothirds :: Keysym
keysym_threefifths :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ghat :: Keysym
keysym_ohornacute :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_15 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_6 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13458 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_a :: Keysym
keysym_XF86MenuPB :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Switch_VT_6 :: Keysym
keysym_SunAudioRaiseVolume :: Keysym
keysym_MultipleCandidate :: Keysym
keysym_F10 :: Keysym
keysym_L3 :: Keysym
keysym_dead_tilde :: Keysym
keysym_dead_semivoiced_sound :: Keysym
keysym_registered :: Keysym
keysym_Ntilde :: Keysym
keysym_prolongedsound :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_tcheh :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_alefmaksura :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_kasratan :: Keysym
keysym_Ukranian_YI :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ER :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_CHE :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_yoyak :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_an :: Keysym
keysym_xabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2568 :: Keysym
keysym_hplira :: Keysym
keysym_R15 :: Keysym
keysym_notsign :: Keysym
keysym_tabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_u :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_EL :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_PE :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_horizbar :: Keysym
keysym_leftt :: Keysym
keysym_punctspace :: Keysym
keysym_emopencircle :: Keysym
keysym_checkmark :: Keysym
keysym_overbar :: Keysym
keysym_downstile :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_thophuthao :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maitho :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_tar :: Keysym
keysym_abrevebelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1368 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_468 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ng :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_ttha :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Option :: Keysym
keysym_hpModelock1 :: Keysym
keysym_Hiragana :: Keysym
keysym_Zenkaku_Hankaku :: Keysym
keysym_KP_Subtract :: Keysym
keysym_F4 :: Keysym
keysym_ISO_Discontinuous_Underline :: Keysym
keysym_dead_acute :: Keysym
keysym_dead_macron :: Keysym
keysym_copyright :: Keysym
keysym_Nacute :: Keysym
keysym_pabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_sukun :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_u_straight_bar :: Keysym
keysym_Macedonia_kje :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_o :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_EF :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_SHCHA :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_PSI :: Keysym
keysym_hebrew_dalet :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraam :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Banja :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_Nieun :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_man :: Keysym
keysym_Ibreve :: Keysym
keysym_obarred :: Keysym
keysym_Ecircumflextilde :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_na :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_au2 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Game :: Keysym
keysym_BackSpace :: Keysym
keysym_KP_End :: Keysym
keysym_y :: Keysym
keysym_racute :: Keysym
keysym_eng :: Keysym
keysym_Utilde :: Keysym
keysym_Ukrainian_i :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_i :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_ZE :: Keysym
keysym_Greek_KAPPA :: Keysym
keysym_soliddiamond :: Keysym
keysym_fivesixths :: Keysym
keysym_leftcaret :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_wowaen :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_ho :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_146 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_56 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_13568 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_4568 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_sa :: Keysym
keysym_XF86ToDoList :: Keysym
keysym_XF86LaunchA :: Keysym
keysym_SunCut :: Keysym
keysym_SunPowerSwitch :: Keysym
keysym_osfLeft :: Keysym
keysym_osfNextMenu :: Keysym
keysym_s :: Keysym
keysym_bar :: Keysym
keysym_iogonek :: Keysym
keysym_Wgrave :: Keysym
keysym_kana_NA :: Keysym
keysym_Arabic_tah :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_zhe_descender :: Keysym
keysym_toprightparens :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_choching :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_saraaa :: Keysym
keysym_Thai_maitri :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_SsangJieuj :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_hi :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_JE :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_pyur :: Keysym
keysym_Georgian_un :: Keysym
keysym_Ecircumflexacute :: Keysym
keysym_obelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_Ocircumflexbelowdot :: Keysym
keysym_ytilde :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1234 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_12368 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_2678 :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Prev_VMode :: Keysym
keysym_SunFA_Grave :: Keysym
keysym_osfUndo :: Keysym
keysym_dead_psili :: Keysym
keysym_3270_PA3 :: Keysym
keysym_m :: Keysym
keysym_Uacute :: Keysym
keysym_tcaron :: Keysym
keysym_Gcedilla :: Keysym
keysym_dabovedot :: Keysym
keysym_kana_SA :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_schwa :: Keysym
keysym_Cyrillic_dzhe :: Keysym
keysym_hexagram :: Keysym
keysym_Hangul_RieulKiyeog :: Keysym
keysym_Armenian_tso :: Keysym
keysym_abrevegrave :: Keysym
keysym_Ecircumflexhook :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dot_8 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_1478 :: Keysym
keysym_braille_dots_578 :: Keysym
keysym_Sinh_lu :: Keysym
keysym_XF86Launch5 :: Keysym

module Text.XkbCommon.Constants

module Text.XkbCommon.Keysym

-- | Get a keysym from its name (case sensitive).
--   (<tt>xkb_keysym_from_name</tt>)
keysymFromName :: String -> Maybe Keysym

-- | Get a keysym from its name (case insensitive).
--   (<tt>xkb_keysym_from_name</tt>)
keysymFromNameCaseInsensitive :: String -> Maybe Keysym

-- | Get the ASCII name of a keysym. (<tt>xkb_keysym_get_name</tt>)
keysymName :: Keysym -> String

-- | Get the on-screen representation of a keysym. (uses
--   <tt>xkb_keysym_to_utf8</tt>, but always encodes to haskell String)
keysymUtf8 :: Keysym -> String

module Text.XkbCommon.KeyboardState

-- | <tt>KeyboardState</tt> represents the state of a connected keyboard.
--   (<tt>struct xkb_state</tt>)
data KeyboardState

-- | Create a new keyboard state object for a keymap.
--   (<tt>xkb_state_new</tt>)
newKeyboardState :: Keymap -> IO KeyboardState

-- | Update the keyboard state to reflect a given key being pressed or
--   released. (<tt>xkb_state_update_key</tt>)
updateKeyboardStateKey :: KeyboardState -> CKeycode -> Direction -> IO StateComponent

-- | Update a keyboard state from a set of explicit masks.
--   (<tt>xkb_state_update_mask</tt>)
updateKeyboardStateMask :: KeyboardState -> (CModMask, CModMask, CModMask) -> (CLayoutIndex, CLayoutIndex, CLayoutIndex) -> IO StateComponent

-- | Get the single keysym obtained from pressing a particular key in a
--   given keyboard state. (<tt>xkb_state_key_get_one_sym</tt>)
getOneKeySym :: KeyboardState -> CKeycode -> IO (Maybe Keysym)

-- | Get the keysyms obtained from pressing a particular key in a given
--   keyboard state. This function is useful because some keycode sequences
--   produce multiple keysyms.
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_state_key_get_syms</tt>)
getStateSyms :: KeyboardState -> CKeycode -> IO [Keysym]

-- | Remove consumed modifiers from a modifier mask for a key.
--   (<tt>xkb_state_mod_mask_remove_consumed</tt>)
stateRemoveConsumed :: KeyboardState -> CKeycode -> CModMask -> IO CModMask

-- | Test whether a modifier is active in a given keyboard state by name.
--   (<tt>xkb_state_mod_name_is_active</tt>)
stateModNameIsActive :: KeyboardState -> String -> StateComponent -> IO Bool

-- | Test whether a modifier is active in a given keyboard state by index.
--   (<tt>xkb_state_mod_index_is_active</tt>)
stateModIndexIsActive :: KeyboardState -> CModIndex -> StateComponent -> IO Bool

-- | Test whether a LED is active in a given keyboard state by name.
--   (<tt>xkb_state_led_name_is_active</tt>)
stateLedNameIsActive :: KeyboardState -> String -> IO Bool

-- | The counterpart to xkb_state_update_mask for modifiers, to be used on
--   the server side of serialization. (<tt>xkb_state_serialize_mods</tt>)
stateSerializeMods :: KeyboardState -> StateComponent -> IO CModMask

module Text.XkbCommon.Keymap

-- | Keymap represents a compiled keymap object. (<tt>struct
--   xkb_keymap</tt>)
data Keymap

-- | The RMLVO type specifies preferences for keymap creation (<tt>struct
--   xkb_rule_names</tt>)
data RMLVO
RMLVO :: Maybe String -> Maybe String -> Maybe String -> Maybe String -> Maybe String -> RMLVO
rules :: RMLVO -> Maybe String
model :: RMLVO -> Maybe String
layout :: RMLVO -> Maybe String
variant :: RMLVO -> Maybe String
options :: RMLVO -> Maybe String

-- | Specify that no specific keymap is preferred by the program. Depending
--   on the specified <a>ContextFlags</a> during <a>Context</a> creation,
--   <a>RMLVO</a> specifications may be loaded from environment variables.
noPrefs :: RMLVO

-- | Create keymap from optional preference of
--   Rules+Model+Layouts+Variants+Options <a>Keymap</a>s are immutable but
--   creation can fail. IO because it loads from disk.
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_new_from_names</tt>)
newKeymapFromNames :: Context -> RMLVO -> IO (Maybe Keymap)

-- | Create keymap from string buffer instead of loading from disk
--   Immutable but creation can fail. not IO because it just parses a
--   string.
--   
--   haskell-xkbcommon has no equivalent for xkb_keymap_new_from_file: just
--   load it from disk manually.
--   
--   NOTE this can actually be an IO operation when compilation fails!
--   (error output to stdout)
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_new_from_string</tt>)
newKeymapFromString :: Context -> String -> Maybe Keymap

-- | Convert a keymap to an enormous string buffer. Opposite of
--   <a>newKeymapFromString</a>
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_get_as_string</tt>)
keymapAsString :: Keymap -> String

-- | Get the number of layouts in the keymap.
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_num_layouts</tt>)
keymapNumLayouts :: Keymap -> CLayoutIndex

-- | Get the number of layouts for a specific key.
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_num_layouts_for_key</tt>)
keymapKeyNumLayouts :: Keymap -> CKeycode -> CLayoutIndex

-- | Get the number of modifiers in the keymap.
--   
--   Preferred API is <a>keymapModifiers</a>.
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_num_mods</tt>)
keymapNumMods :: Keymap -> CModIndex

-- | Get the name of a modifier by index.
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_mod_get_name</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is <a>keymapModifiers</a>.
keymapModName :: Keymap -> CModIndex -> String

-- | Get the index of a modifier by name.
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_mod_get_index</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is <a>keymapModifiers</a>.
keymapModIdx :: Keymap -> String -> Maybe CModIndex

-- | Get the number of shift levels for a specific key and layout.
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_num_levels_for_key</tt>)
keymapKeyNumLevels :: Keymap -> CKeycode -> CLayoutIndex -> CLevelIndex

-- | Get the number of LEDs in the keymap. (<tt>xkb_keymap_num_leds</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is <a>keymapLeds</a>
keymapNumLeds :: Keymap -> CLedIndex

-- | Get the leds of a keymap.
keymapLeds :: Keymap -> [String]

-- | Get the modifiers of a keymap.
keymapModifiers :: Keymap -> [String]

-- | Get the name of a LED by index. (<tt>xkb_keymap_led_get_name</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is <a>keymapLeds</a>
keymapLedName :: Keymap -> CLedIndex -> String

-- | Determine whether a key should repeat or not.
--   (<tt>xkb_keymap_key_repeats</tt>)
keymapKeyRepeats :: Keymap -> CKeycode -> Bool

module Text.XkbCommon.Context

-- | <tt>Context</tt> is the exposed datatype of an xkbcommon context
--   (<tt>struct xkb_context</tt>)
data Context

-- | <tt>ContextFlags</tt> carry options for construction of a
--   <a>Context</a>. (<tt>enum xkb_context_flags</tt>)
data ContextFlags

-- | Default <a>ContextFlags</a>: consider RMLVO prefs from the environment
--   variables, and search for <a>Keymap</a> files in the default paths.
defaultFlags :: ContextFlags

-- | Pure <a>ContextFlags</a>: don't consider env vars or default search
--   paths, which are system-dependent.
pureFlags :: ContextFlags
contextNoDefaultIncludes :: ContextFlags
contextNoEnvironment :: ContextFlags

-- | Construct a new Xkb context from creation preferences. xkb_context_new
--   can fail if the default include path does not exist.
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_context_new</tt>)
newContext :: ContextFlags -> IO (Maybe Context)

-- | Get the current include paths of a <a>Context</a>. Upon <a>Keymap</a>
--   creation, these directories will be searched for keymap definitions.
getIncludePaths :: Context -> IO [FilePath]

-- | Set a new list of include paths for a <a>Context</a>.
setIncludePaths :: Context -> [FilePath] -> Bool -> IO (Maybe ())

-- | Append a search path for <a>Keymap</a> files to a <a>Context</a>.
--   (<tt>xkb_context_include_path_append</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is to use <a>getIncludePaths</a> and
--   <a>setIncludePaths</a>
appendIncludePath :: Context -> FilePath -> IO (Maybe ())

-- | (<tt>xkb_context_num_include_paths</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is to use <a>getIncludePaths</a> and
--   <a>setIncludePaths</a>
numIncludePaths :: Context -> IO Int

-- | Remove all <a>Keymap</a> file search paths from a <a>Context</a>.
--   
--   Preferred API is to use <a>getIncludePaths</a> and
--   <a>setIncludePaths</a>
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_context_include_path_clear</tt>)
clearIncludePath :: Context -> IO ()

-- | Append the default <a>Keymap</a> search path (whose location depends
--   on libxkbcommon compile-time settings)
--   (<tt>xkb_context_include_path_append_default</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is to use <a>getIncludePaths</a> and
--   <a>setIncludePaths</a>
appendDefaultIncludePath :: Context -> IO (Maybe ())

-- | Get a specific include path from the context's include path.
--   (<tt>xkb_context_include_path_get</tt>)
--   
--   Preferred API is to use <a>getIncludePaths</a> and
--   <a>setIncludePaths</a>
includePathShow :: Context -> Int -> IO FilePath

module Text.XkbCommon.Types

-- | In a key event, a key can be pressed/moved down (<a>keyDown</a>) or
--   released/moved up (<a>keyUp</a>).
data Direction
keyUp :: Direction
keyDown :: Direction
data CLogLevel

-- | One keyboard key. Events on keys are the input of libxkbcommon.
newtype CKeycode
CKeycode :: Word32 -> CKeycode
unCKeycode :: CKeycode -> Word32

-- | Index of a keyboard layout.
--   
--   The layout index is a state component which detemines which keyboard
--   layout is active. These may be different alphabets, different key
--   arrangements, etc.
--   
--   Layout indexes are consecutive. The first layout has index 0.
--   
--   Each layout is not required to have a name, and the names are not
--   guaranteed to be unique (though they are usually provided and unique).
--   Therefore, it is not safe to use the name as a unique identifier for a
--   layout. Layout names are case-sensitive.
--   
--   Layouts are also called "groups" by XKB.
newtype CLayoutIndex
CLayoutIndex :: Word32 -> CLayoutIndex

-- | Index of a modifier.
--   
--   A modifier is a state component which changes the way keys are
--   interpreted. A keymap defines a set of modifiers, such as Alt, Shift,
--   Num Lock or Meta, and specifies which keys may activate which
--   modifiers (in a many-to-many relationship, i.e. a key can activate
--   several modifiers, and a modifier may be activated by several keys.
--   Different keymaps do this differently).
--   
--   When retrieving the keysyms for a key, the active modifier set is
--   consulted; this detemines the correct shift level to use within the
--   currently active layout (see <a>CLevelIndex</a>).
--   
--   Modifier indexes are consecutive. The first modifier has index 0.
newtype CModIndex
CModIndex :: Word32 -> CModIndex
unCModIndex :: CModIndex -> Word32

-- | Index of a shift level.
newtype CLevelIndex
CLevelIndex :: Word32 -> CLevelIndex
newtype CLedIndex
CLedIndex :: Word32 -> CLedIndex
unCLedIndex :: CLedIndex -> Word32

-- | One graphical symbol (usually on-screen). This is the end product of
--   libxkbcommon. Some keysyms are not graphical characters, but can also
--   represent e.g. Left or Right arrow keys. Refer to the libxkbcommon
--   documentation for details.
--   
--   NOTE that <tt>XKB_KEY_NoSymbol</tt> is represented by a
--   <tt>Nothing</tt> in haskell-xkbcommon.
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_keysym_t</tt>)
newtype Keysym
Keysym :: Int -> Keysym

-- | Modifier and layout types for state objects.
--   
--   In XKB, the DEPRESSED components are also known as 'base'.
--   
--   (<tt>xkb_state_component</tt>)
data StateComponent
newtype CModMask
CModMask :: Word32 -> CModMask
stateModDepressed :: StateComponent
stateModLatched :: StateComponent
stateModLocked :: StateComponent
stateModEffective :: StateComponent
stateLayoutDepressed :: StateComponent
stateLayoutLatched :: StateComponent
stateLayoutLocked :: StateComponent
stateLayoutEffective :: StateComponent
stateLeds :: StateComponent

module Text.XkbCommon
